Q)An Introduction to React and Rdux:-

Ans:-

*The react referres to the front-end-development 
i.e; basic forms, web pages,  single page applications, etc;

* The developers decided to manage front end development with the new javascript library i.e; react which make them easier to design the new front end web apps easily.

*The React is developed by the faacebook in year 2013.

*The react came with the new features like speed , and DOM(Document Object Model) structure which introduced with the javascript.

*Speed:- 
the mainn aspet of the smooth website surfing is gain by the speed 
interactive website need to udpate the DOM for the each time change happens for the user search.  
this process is generally depends on resources and its slow,
 to overcome this drawback react uses virtual DOM; 
allowing to update only the parts of the website that have changed. 
this increases the speed and make user inteaction smooth.

Q)What is JSX ?
ANS:-  JavaScript Syntax Extension.
The JSX code passes two arguments a JSX element and container,
In the JSX the render method displays the provided element in the container
React DOM uses camelcase property naming convention instead of HTML attribute names
exmpl:- class become className in JSX.

#Components:-
The page can split into multiple parts. each of these "parts"
are a component.
The components can use another components to generaate ooutput.
The component approach makes organizing the pages and maintaining the page more convinient 
also allow to sagregate our content one from another.
#Types of Components in react 
A)Functional Components
B)Class Compoents

B)Functional Components:-
its a simple javascript function,
example:-
function Hello()
{
return <h1>
hello world.
</h1>;
}

#Class Components:-
 The Class Components are typically used when there are more advanced user interactions like forms and animations.
all class components need to extends the react.components class


Q)Props ?
Ans:-The functional components accept the arguments similer to jvascript function.
	these arguments are called props, and represent an object.
The props can be accessed in class components using "this.props."










